Lang blog posts: lang advisors and membership update (#1078)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/inside-rust/2023-02-14-lang-team-membership-update.md

---
layout: post
title: "Welcome Tyler Mandry to the Rust language team!"
author: Josh Triplett, Niko Matsakis
team: The Rust Lang Team <https://www.rust-lang.org/governance/teams/lang>
---

We are happy to announce that [Tyler Mandry][tmandry] is joining the Rust language design team as a full member!

[tmandry]: https://github.com/tmandry

Tyler has been driving the design of async functions in traits over the last year. In that process Tyler has authored two RFCs, [#3185 (static async functions in traits)](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/3185) and [#3245 (refined trait impls)](https://github.com/rust-lang/rfcs/pull/3245), both of which were accepted. He has good instincts for language design and orthogonality, devising general solutions to address a range of use cases with a small set of language changes, such as [contexts/capabilities](https://tmandry.gitlab.io/blog/posts/2021-12-21-context-capabilities/) and [`dyn*`](https://smallcultfollowing.com/babysteps/blog/2022/03/29/dyn-can-we-make-dyn-sized/).

> Tyler is also a strong implementor. He was a past contributor to the chalk project and understands the intrincacies of the trait and type system quite well. He also implementing a number of improvements to async Rust, such as work to reduce the size of futures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tyler is also a strong implementor. He was a past contributor to the chalk project and understands the intricacies of the trait and type system quite well. He also implemented a number of improvements to async Rust, such as work to reduce the size of futures.
```
